Minutes 14-11-24

What was discussed:
Points to address during the presentation next friday:
- Starting implementation: since previous week (week 0), implementing many parts 
  of the engine in parallel, merging to dev whenever possible.
- Memory leaks: how do other groups do this, in combination with leaking libraries?
- Asking other groups how they handle persisten game objects (game objects which should persist across scenes)
- Demo: showing off the demo game, mentioning its various features.
- After presentations are finished, try to get a brief conversation with Bob, to update him on the project's status.
  We do not have questions currently, but it is always good to keep Bob up to date.

What has been done:
- Siem: Improving spatial audio.
- Angel: Calling collission function in behaviour script. Properly implementing collider flags. Using component is active flag for component in box2d.
- Ronan: Improving room behaviour. Using physics trigger to switch between scenes. Small fs converter improvements.
- Sean: merge development into multiplayer (merge conflicts). Various small multiplayer improvements.
- Seger: Implementing persistent game objects, helping Sean with multiplayer, fixed multiplayer.

What is going to be done:
Everyone: preparing demo for next friday.

Roadblocks:
-