Minutes 09-10-24

What was discussed:
- Creating a block diagram for the subsystems in the engine
- Create a global activity diagram
- The decision was made to *not* use ECS.

What has been done:
- Siem: Worked on savegame, making sure it more matches the unity savegame system.
- Angel: Not worked on project since last meeting
- Ronan: Not worked on project since last meeting
- Sean: Not worked on project since last meeting
- Seger: Not worked on project since last meeting

What is going to be done:
- Seger: PoC for physics as described in design
Everyone is going to work on architecture / design